add note about reserved chars (#207)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation/pages/install-proxy.adoc

.Procedure: Preparing for SLES Installation
. In the Virtual Machine Manager tool ([command]``virt-manager``), click menu:File[New Virtual Machine].
. Click btn:[Local install media (ISO image or CDROM)].
. In the [guimenu]``Create a new virtual machine`` dialog, click btn:[Browse] and locate the full SLES image you downloaded from your SCC account.
. Configure your machine with at least 2 GB RAM and a minimum of 2 CPUs.
. Create a storage device with a minimum of 230 GB storage space for the installation.

> During the partitioning setup of the SLES installation this disk should be partitioned into the following disks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the SLES installation this disk should be partitioned into the following partitions:
```
another drive-by edit or proposal.
